It's hard. The other thing, and I know you've run
out of time. And you've answered this also, in a
way.
Please put yourself in George Mitchell's mind and
tell us why he keeps you around. What is it you do for
him? Why is he attracted to you?
What role? Do you play for him, in terms of what's
going
on with him? What goes on in his mind is a very good
question.
I think part of his attraction to me is I am an
academic. My background, I have a PhD from the
University of Chicago, and I think that's
impressive. Two, there have been several
occasions where things,
where potentially very embarrassing things
occurred, and he was able to call upon me. I
think that he, and I think also that
he thinks that I add a dimension that is important
to the Wimbledon Corporation. That because of my
background and my interests, and the fact that I'm
not part of You know, I'm not here with my eye on
becoming the president of the Women's
Corporation or doing Mike Richman's job. And I
don't know anything about energy and I care less
about real estate. I'm not... So you're a detached
observer and a participant? Well, yeah. And, you
know, I take care of that and I take care of this and I
take care of that. And I guess that's...
I don't know any other reason really. But he has, he
surrounds himself with a lot of people like that.
And that seems to be one of his unique talents. You
know, the diversity of people in this community
area is really interesting. Yeah. Because it is
very unusual. And they are really diverse and are
alike quite often. I try to explain to people, they
say, well, why don't you call it a research park?
Why don't you call it a research forest or an
industrial park? And the point is, there isn't
anything else like it in the country. Yeah. I mean,
aside from the fact there's venture capital, the
ability to invest in some of these companies. This
whole community, in a sense, is dedicated to
maximizing the success of companies in that
bio-med and bio-tech. You know, there are good
schools here. The scientists can jump on their
bike. If they want to come out at 2 o'clock in the
morning, they can. And we're able to offer a total
package. We've got a Japanese company that's
interested. And they said, well, what would it
take? And they said, look, education is very
important to us. We know you have good schools, but
our kids go to the Japanese Juku Saturday school,
supplementary school. Well, that's way over in
West Houston. But we wanted very much for that
company to be here. So we proposed very simply,
we'll provide a van Saturday morning. We'll take
the kids and bring them back. And once we get a
nucleus, we'll start our own supplementary
school. They're not in a lot of places. No, we don't
respond like that. So anyway, I hope this has been
helpful. That's been very useful. Yeah, I
appreciate it all.